TF-6866 Update policy sets documentation (#395)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/index.mdx

- **Sentinel:** You define policies with the [Sentinel policy language](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/concepts/language) and use imports to parse the Terraform plan, state, and configuration. Refer to [Defining Sentinel Policies](/terraform/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/sentinel) for details.
- **OPA:** You define policies with the [Rego policy language](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/). Refer to [Defining OPA Policies](/terraform/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/opa) for details.

## Apply Policy Sets to Workspaces and Projects

> Policy sets are collections of policies that you can apply globally or to specific [projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/organize-workspaces-with-projects) and workspaces, in your organization. For each run in the selected workspaces, Terraform Cloud checks the Terraform plan against the policy set. You can create policy sets directly in the Terraform Cloud UI, by connecting Terraform Cloud to your version control system, or through the Terraform Cloud API. A policy set must only contain policies written in a single policy framework (Sentinel or OPA), but you can add both Sentinel and OPA policy sets to each workspace.

Reviewer: Suggesting splitting this into two paragraphs for readability and adding some small tweaks for style.
```suggestion
Policy sets are collections of policies you can apply globally or to specific [projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/organize-workspaces-with-projects) and workspaces in your organization. For each run in the selected workspaces, Terraform Cloud checks the Terraform plan against the policy set. 

You can create policy sets using the [Terraform Cloud user interface](/terraform/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets#create-policy-sets), the Terraform Cloud API, or by connecting Terraform Cloud to your version control system. A policy set can only contain policies written in a single policy framework (Sentinel or OPA). However, you can add Sentinel or OPA policy sets to the same workspace.
```
